README.md, before:

# x86_64 library

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/x86_64)](https://crates.io/crates/x86_64)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/rust-osdev/x86_64/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rust-osdev/x86_64/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild) [![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs.rs-documentation-green.svg)](https://docs.rs/x86_64)

Support for x86_64 specific instructions (e.g. TLB flush), registers (e.g. control registers), and structures (e.g. page tables).

## Crate Feature Flags

* `nightly`: Enables features only available on nightly Rust; enabled by default.
* `instructions`: Enabled by default, turns on x86\_64 specific instructions, and dependent features. Only available for x86\_64 targets.
* `external_asm`: Use this to build with non-nightly rust. Needs `default-features = false, features = ["instructions"]`. Is unsupported on Windows.

## Building with stable rust

This needs to have the [compile-time requirements](https://github.com/alexcrichton/cc-rs#compile-time-requirements) of the `cc` crate installed on your system.
It was currently only tested on Linux and MacOS.

Commit message:

This fork is now archived and unused.

README.md, after:

# This fork has been archived

This fork is no longer needed due to https://github.com/theseus-os/Theseus/pull/524.

Please use the upstream x86_64 crate instead.

# x86_64 library

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/x86_64)](https://crates.io/crates/x86_64)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/rust-osdev/x86_64/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rust-osdev/x86_64/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild) [![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs.rs-documentation-green.svg)](https://docs.rs/x86_64)

Support for x86_64 specific instructions (e.g. TLB flush), registers (e.g. control registers), and structures (e.g. page tables).

## Crate Feature Flags

* `nightly`: Enables features only available on nightly Rust; enabled by default.
* `instructions`: Enabled by default, turns on x86\_64 specific instructions, and dependent features. Only available for x86\_64 targets.
* `external_asm`: Use this to build with non-nightly rust. Needs `default-features = false, features = ["instructions"]`. Is unsupported on Windows.

## Building with stable rust

This needs to have the [compile-time requirements](https://github.com/alexcrichton/cc-rs#compile-time-requirements) of the `cc` crate installed on your system.
It was currently only tested on Linux and MacOS.
